lib, doc: fix AsyncResource.bind not using 'this' from the caller by default (#42177)
nodejs/node: doc/api/async_context.md

  - v14.8.0
  - v12.19.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42177

>     description: Changed the default when `thisArg` is not provided to use `this` from the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Changed the default when `thisArg` is undefined to use `this` from the caller.
```

Reviewer: @rochdev does this suggestion loos good to you?

Author: LGTM, feel free to commit it in both places.

  - v14.8.0
  - v12.19.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/42177

>     description: Changed the default when `thisArg` is not provided to use `this` from the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Changed the default when `thisArg` is undefined to use `this`
                 from the caller.
```
